Update middleware.rst (#164)
cakephp/authorization: docs/en/middleware.rst

You no longer have to change any existing typehints, and can start using
authorization policies anywhere you have access to your user.

> If you also use the Authentication plugin make sure that implement both.::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you also use the Authentication plugin make sure to implement both interfaces.::
```
